ohio 1995 young natasha romanov plays with
her surrogate sister elena belova until
jelena scrapes her knee they go to their mother
who is melina vostokoff who tends to the wound
later the father who is alexei shostakov comes
home and tells molina they have to leave they
take the girls to a hangar where they prepare
to board a plane before a team of shield agents
pursue them alexei shoots at them while
molina tries to get the plane moving
she's shot so natasha must move up and take the
controls while alexei hangs on the wing they
manage to get the agents to crash all over the
place before flying out of there the four arrive
in cuba where molina is given medical attention
as alexei meets with a man named drakov when the
nearby soldiers try to get the girls natasha
swipes a gun off one soldier to defend yulina
the men note that the girl has guts and both
girls are tranquilized and taken away in a truck
a montage follows showing natasha and elena
plus dozens of other kidnapped girls being
taken to the red room where they are subjected to
harsh procedures and training through their lives
shaping them into powerful black widow agents 21
years later natasha is on the run after violating
the sokovia accords general thaddeus thunderbolt
ross and his men close in on the building where
she is located ross attempts to talk to natasha
but she makes it clear she is not going quietly
she manages to escape before ross can catch up
to her in morocco elena has her eyes on a target
oksana delena is spotted and she pursues oksana
on foot the two fight until elena fatally stabs
oksana in the gut she then sprays elena in the
face with a synthetic red gas called red dust that
appears to break elena free from mind control she
realizes she just killed a close friend of hers
jelena recovers the rest of the gas and removes a
tracker from her body dracov is informed of this
when yelina's signal is lost and he goes
to dispatch his super assassin taskmaster
natasha moves to a safe house in norway where she
meets her contact rick mason who supplies her with
items like passports or whatever she needs she's
also got a mysterious package later that night
natasha runs out of fuel and goes to get more
only for taskmaster to ambush her on the bridge
natasha tries to fight the assassin but taskmaster
is capable of mimicking moves and is quick to
defend themself it was a long fight but then
taskmaster attempts to grab natasha's package
but she already grabs it before taskmaster
throws her off the bridge natasha finds that
it is red dust along with pictures of her and
elena as children natasha travels to budapest
to find elena in her own safe house the two
engage in a fight both are capable fighters
in the fight are long and tedious until they call
it truce before they literally strangle each other
jelena tells natasha about the red dust and
its effects and she also lets her know that the
red room is still active despite natasha having
believed it to be destroyed when she supposedly
killed drakov jelena mentions dracov's daughter
just before several black widows come after them
the two run out of the building and topple a tower
as natasha has to shake one widow off as she falls
to the ground when natasha gets down to the widow
she tells natasha that drakov is forcing her to do
this just before drakov has the widow kill herself
just as natasha and elena try to escape taskmaster
appears and pursues them through the streets they
steal a car and drive as fast as they can but
taskmaster fires an explosive arrow that sends the
car rolling down into the subway natasha and elena
run with taskmaster following a trail of blood
from elena's arm but the two manage to divert
taskmaster's path as they hide as eulena tends
to her arm she brings up how natasha believed
that she killed dracov at the cost of his daughter
antonia's life when trying to work for shield she
was keeping watch outside his office when antonia
entered the building when asked by an agent
if they were clear to execute drakov natasha said
yes despite antonia being there and the building
blew up killing her this has haunted natasha
ever since natasha and eulena grab some supplies
and get drinks while reminiscing about the past
with eulena talking about the fake family they had
and the training they went through they know
that in order to bring down drakov and the red
room for good they need help natasha contacts rick
again and he procures a chopper for her and elena
alexei has been in prison arm wrestling other
inmates while regaling them with stories about how
he was the red guardian russia's first and only
super soldier he tells the others that he battled
captain america although another inmate believes
it to be a lie and alexei breaks his hand for it
the alarms go off as natasha and eulena fly in
over the facility alexei uses his super strength
to break out of the building but the guards go
after him and try to attack the chopper natasha
descends and engages in combat with the guards
while elena fires a grenade at a tower this causes
an avalanche that buries the facility but natasha
is able to grab alexei in time however both her
and elena aren't particularly happy to see them
since he and molina lied to them as kids when they
asked alexei if he knows where to find dracoff
he tells them that molina might have an idea
the three make a rough landing near a farm
where melina is using mind control on pigs
she reunites with her former fake family and
alexei openly flirts with her which grosses out
natasha and elena he even goes to try on his old
red guardian outfit but he struggles to get it on
due to gaining weight while sitting at the table
things get tense as natasha says that nothing
from their past was real jelena is brought to
tears as she believed their family to be real
later molina tells natasha that her birth mother
was relentlessly searching for her until dracoff
had her killed at the same time alexei tries
to continue being a father figure to yelina
although she is still too angry at him until he
sings american pie which was her favorite song
when they lived in ohio moments later drakov's
agents arrive having been contacted by molina
they subdue natasha yulina and
alexei before being taken away
the group arrives at the red room which is located
in an aerial base for the utmost discretion
molina is brought to drakov although it
turns out to be natasha wearing a disguise
this was part of a plan she staged with molina
back at the house with melina taking natasha's
place in the prison cell since she knows how to
open the doors to free herself and alexei julina
nearly has her head cut open until molina talks
to her via an earpiece to inform her of a blade
she can use to free herself meanwhile drakov
reveals several things to natasha first he has
protected himself with a pheromone that prevents
anyone from attacking him then he brings out
taskmaster who is revealed to be antonia having
survived the explosion with facial disfigurement
and her father has her mind controlled into being
the perfect super soldier he then shows natasha
the files of all the girls around the world that
he has mind controlled when confronted by guards
molina blows up one of the engines on the red
room sending several guards falling but also
causing the whole facility to begin tumbling
toward the ground alexei fights antonia while
yulina and molina battle the guards until molina
helps alexei trap antonia in one of the cells
natasha then smashes her face against drakov's
desk to break her nose to block out the pheromone
per molina's advice allowing her to attack drakov
he brings in other widows to attack natasha as he
makes his getaway but yulina sends the red dust
to the room blowing it up and breaking the widows
from their mind control natasha tells them to go
free and she stops to release antonia from her
cell despite acknowledging that she will go after
her the red room starts to come apart even more
prompting everyone to make it outside to escape
alexei and molina make their escape unable to wait
for natasha and elena dracov and his guards board
their getaway craft but yulina takes electric
batons and jams them into the turbine causing the
ship to explode and blow up dracov and the guards
julena is thrown from the impact but natasha jumps
and reaches her in time to give her a parachute
antonia catches up to natasha and fights her but
when they land on the ground natasha opens her
helmet and sprays her with the red dust freeing
her from her father's control natasha is met by
elena alexei molina and the other widows who
take antonia in for recovery natasha bids
farewell to her former family is ross and his
team start making their way toward the location
two weeks later natasha now has blonde hair and
meets up with rick again as he has gotten her a
jet she's set to help break out the other avengers
from prison and reunite with her second family
post-credit scene it is now 2024. galena
goes with her new dog to natasha's grave
following her sacrifice and end game as she
mourns her sister she is met by contessa
valentino allegra defontaine who now has elena
under her employment she gives eulena a file
on her next target the one apparently
responsible for natasha's death hawkeye
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us
grow click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos